welcome to slash forward
this week we're going to watch some mind
humpers and start by trying not to lose
ourselves in a sea of repressed memories
with the film session 9 which was
recently added to netflix for tutorials
on proper hazardous material cleanup
and removal subscribe to the channel
let's get to it
we open on phil and his exhausted
partner gordon
talking about home life and having each
other's backs you know bro goals
they're bidding for a job cleaning an
abandoned sanitarium which has recently
been funded for conversion to the town's
new government building
they take a look around at the odd sites
to get an idea of what will be needed
spending only a little time in what had
been called the snake pit
the wing dedicated to the most dangerous
abnormals even so it speaks to gordon
hello
literally overall she's got good bones
and a certain gothic charm
and should clean up nice desperate for
work gordy makes an aggressive schedule
proposal securing them the job
on monday we meet the crew hank is
living with phil's ex
and mikey is breaking in the new guy
jeff who is gordon's nephew after
getting in a few minutes of solid work
they take their first smoke break where
mike fills them in on why the sanitarium
was closed down it involved lawsuits
related to questionable therapeutic
remedies revolving around pulling
repressed memories from patients
an abusive procedure that commonly
resulted in false accusations
as jeff hops on the equipment he also
pops a breaker since he has a clinically
diagnosed fear of the dart
mike has to do the grunt work while down
there he manages to find a sweet file
room with a jam and box of evidence
the opening of which seems to coincide
with other workplace accidents
when they all turn in mike hangs back to
pore over the evidence
spooking himself over the creepy
recordings of the repressed memory
therapy of mary hobbs
elsewhere gordon gets home but gives us
the impression that he doesn't actually
go inside
the next day hank stumbles upon a trail
of collector's coins leading to a
treasure trove that's both
incredibly valuable and just completely
packed with asbestos a double score they
break for lunch but mike is distracted
from his duties by the reels he found
and afterward hank offers up free advice
about having an exit plan due to the
stress of the job
gordy makes a call to his possibly
estranged wife and witnesses what he
interprets as phil looking to find other
work but is
clearly a drug deal and comes back to
retrieve his valuables that night
reaching in deep to pull out an antique
silver lobotomy spike with a tuft of
hair
then he goes exploring and is startled
to find evidence of an unauthorized
occupation resulting in a confrontation
as he turns a corner on his way out when
he doesn't show up for work the next day
phil calls his ex who says hank talked
about finding his meal ticket and
ditching out to miami for casino school
an obvious fabrication sensitive about
hanging on to his crew gordy questions
phil's rendezvous culminating in a
relatively violent performance review
when they take a breath he'll lament the
changes gordon has undergone since
having a child
something he was not previously
interested in recognizing the excess
stress he must be under phil returns to
apologize
and thank him for the opportunity to
potentially die young
then they both come clean gordy admits
his stress stems from taking a pot of
boiling water to the balls
and reflexively hitting his wife now his
bottled up guilt is boiling over inside
him
phil pulls a hatsey by saying the young
thugs he spoke with were graffiti
artists he was running off he also tells
gordon he got an experienced replacement
for hank so they can finish up the job
on time but who has time for workplace
drama mike's spending his days listening
to tapes now completely
enthralled by mary's multiple
personalities and the salacious memories
they're hiding from her for her own
protection
that night gordy has a dream about his
altercation but with
bloodier implications than what we were
led to believe then he treats his
blistered leg and goes to visit the
chair that calls out to him
the next day phil tries to have a
conversation with mike about gordon's
unreliability and erratic behavior but
we see that he is listening in
which is very erratic and unreliable i'd
say he confronts them but their
conversation is interrupted by jeff
who claims to have found hank chilling
in a hallway upstairs he leaves him to
the spot but there's no hank here not
even the moist spot he usually leaves on
the ground
phil's solid line of reasoning is that
hank wouldn't be here
if he went to miami and that they all
heard wendy say that but
counterpoint all they heard was phil
relay that information to them
then they hear footsteps and gordy tries
calling the shots prompting david caruso
to break character momentarily and play
himself
[ __ ] you which is sort of intensely
controlled nick cage
phil and jeff go one way and gordian
might go another but mike splits off to
go be with his precious recordings
now on the infamous ninth session which
if i'm reading this right
may hold some significance in their
pursuits they all get split up and then
the generator shits the bed casting jeff
into a personal hell
shortly thereafter phil finds hank
relaxing in the catacombs
jeff finds a nourishing source of light
and gordon finds his chair
as mike gets the generator going the
reel spools up and we finally hear from
simon the personality that contains the
darkest memory he narrates that mary's
brother peter jumped out and scared her
causing her to fall in her porcelain
doll which cut up her chest
simon then stepped in and told her to
cut up peter real nice
to make sure he learns his lesson and
since no one likes being punished he
obviously made her do her parents as
well for good measure as we learn this
gordy finds a shrine to his family and
is confronted by phil
also jeff is presumably killed for
stealing oreos
a just punishment the next day we see
gordon distressed about what happened to
hank
and trying to sort it out with phil
however when the new guy shows up phil
disappears and gordy puts him to the
same slow fate
as gordy wanders along to his shrine we
see he did all the men and he has an
influx of his own repressed memories
caused by when he experienced the trauma
of killing his family and as he ponders
what he's done we get a final word from
old simon i
live in the weak and the wounded
i want to take a moment to mention that
i have a website where you can support
the channel through donations or merch
and also to give a huge thanks to my
donors memorialized in the hall of
headshots
[Music]
session nine is a highly regarded
sleeper that hasn't gotten much
attention hopefully with its appearance
on netflix during the spooky season more
people will find it
after the first run through i feel like
i did a pretty good job of connecting
everything but i also feel compelled
to watch it again to verify if all the
details match up and actually make sense
in our next video we'll watch a film
that i think accomplishes this task
flawlessly if you enjoyed the video i'd
love for you to become part of the
channel by subscribing
thanks for watching